---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "blastshield_nodes Data Source - blastshield"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Lists Blastshield nodes with optional filters.
---

# blastshield_nodes (Data Source)

Lists Blastshield nodes with optional filters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all nodes
data "blastshield_nodes" "all" {}

# Filter nodes by type
data "blastshield_nodes" "gateways" {
  node_type = ["gateway"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (List of String) Filter by address.
- `administrator` (List of String) Filter by administrator.
- `api_access` (Boolean) Filter by api_access.
- `dns_name` (List of String) Filter by dns_name.
- `endpoint_mode` (List of String) Filter by endpoint_mode.
- `endpoint_subnet` (List of String) Filter by endpoint_subnet.
- `expires` (List of Number) Filter by expires.
- `group` (List of Number) Filter by group.
- `ha_active` (List of String) Filter by ha_active.
- `id` (List of String) Filter by id.
- `idp_active` (Boolean) Filter by idp_active.
- `idp_auto_created` (Boolean) Filter by idp_auto_created.
- `idp_username` (List of String) Filter by idp_username.
- `master` (List of String) Filter by master.
- `name` (List of String) Filter by name.
- `node_type` (List of String) Filter by node_type.
- `public_key` (List of String) Filter by public_key.
- `system_tags` (List of String) Filter by system_tags.
- `tags` (List of String) Filter by tags.

### Read-Only

- `nodes` (Attributes List) List of nodes matching the filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes))

<a id="nestedatt--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `administrator` (String)
- `api_access` (Boolean)
- `dns_name` (Set of String)
- `endpoint_mode` (String)
- `endpoint_subnet` (String)
- `expires` (Number)
- `groups` (Attributes List) Groups this resource belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--groups))
- `ha_active` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `idp_active` (Boolean)
- `idp_auto_created` (Boolean)
- `idp_username` (String)
- `invitation` (String) The invitation code (only available on resource creation).
- `master` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `node_type` (String)
- `public_key` (String)
- `system_tags` (Map of String)
- `tags` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.groups`

Read-Only:

- `expires` (Number) Unix timestamp when group membership expires.
- `id` (Number) The group ID.
